feat(design/autoware-architecture/sensing): add radar sensing document (#518)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-architecture/sensing/data-types/radar-data/radar-pointcloud-data.md

# Radar pointcloud data pre-processing design

## Overview

### Pipeline

This diagram describes the pre-process pipeline for radar pointcloud.

![radar-pointcloud-sensing](image/radar-pointcloud-sensing.drawio.svg)

### Interface

- Input
  - Radar data from device
  - Twist information of ego vehicle motion
- Output

>   - Dynamic radar pointcloud (`ros-perception/radar_msgs/msg/RadarScan.msg`)

Reviewer: What is Dynamic radar pointcloud?

Author: It means that pointcloud which is not static.
To express brevity for interface documentation and I think who read this document for the end can understand this word, so I would not like to change it.

  - Noise filtered radar pointcloud (`sensor_msgs/msg/Pointcloud2.msg`)

### Note

- In the sensing layer, the radar pre-process packages filter noise through the `ros-perception/radar_msgs/msg/RadarScan.msg` message type with sensor coordinate.
- For use of radar pointcloud data by LiDAR packages, we would like to propose a converter for creating `sensor_msgs/msg/Pointcloud2.msg` from `ros-perception/radar_msgs/msg/RadarScan.msg`.

## Reference implementations

### Data message for radars

Autoware uses radar objects data type as [radar_msgs/msg/RadarScan.msg](https://github.com/ros-perception/radar_msgs/blob/ros2/msg/RadarScan.msg).
In detail, please see [Data message for radars](reference-implementations/data-message.md).

### Device driver for radars

Autoware support `ros-perception/radar_msgs/msg/RadarScan.msg` and `autoware_auto_perception_msgs/msg/TrackedObjects.msg` for Radar drivers.

In detail, please see [Device driver for radars](reference-implementations/device-driver.md).

### Basic noise filter

- [radar_threshold_filter](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/tree/main/sensing/radar_threshold_filter)

> This package removes pointcloud noise with low amplitude, edge angle, too near pointcloud by threshold.

Reviewer: [NITS]

Please add the reason for using this filter(e.g. the reason why too near pointcloud should be removed.)

Author: Fixed df7efc6

### Filter to static/dynamic pointcloud

- [radar_static_pointcloud_filter](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/tree/main/sensing/radar_static_pointcloud_filter)

> This package extract static/dynamic radar pointcloud by using doppler velocity and ego motion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package extracts static/dynamic radar pointcloud by using doppler velocity and ego motion.
```

> The static radar pointcloud use for localization like NDT scan matching, and the dynamic radar pointcloud use for dynamic object detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static radar pointcloud can be used for localization like NDT scan matching, and the dynamic radar pointcloud can be used for dynamic object detection.
```
